( film reel spooling up )
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ambient music)
(upbeat music)
(helicopter hovering)
(car revs)
(woman laughs)
(plane engine roars)
- (laughs) You're a terrible.
- Is that a complaint.
- You're an animal.
(ambient music)
(plane engine revs)
- Claude. will take
you home. okay?
(ambient music continues)
(elevator pings)
Hughes is after us again.
- Good morning. Mr. Olivetti.
- Tell Estelle to get
Dunbar on the phone.
- Yeah. Dunbar has filed
for another 200.000
shares of Odell.
- That son of a bitch.
- I don't care if his wife
has the Ebola virus fire him.
- Excuse me Mr. Dunbar. Ferro
Olivetti is on line six.
- Ah. Ferro.
(phone beeps)
It's about time you called.
I thought you might be buried
under an avalanche of models.
- Well. you think this is funny.
turn your hearing aid
up. Odell is mine.
- Let me give you
some advice. Ferro.
don't get emotional
about business.
- My advice to myself is
not to be a thief like you.
I don't make my money
by bankrupting widows.
- You know. even dot com
billionaire should know
when they've had it.
- Buy another 500.000 shares.
- That'll take
another 60 million.
- Just put in the order.
- These need signing.
- The guys from Thompson are
waiting for the tax meeting.
and Dora Hughes
is in the lounge.
- Tell Dora. I will see
her at my party.
and you can handle the meeting.
- This is the second time.
- You can handle it. Lawrence.
(ominous music)
(woman laughs)
(people chattering)
- I've got mascara in
my eyes
(ambient music)
- Oh. Steve.
- Hey. how you doing?
- Hey.
- (laughs) How you doing?
Hey sweetheart.
- How are you.
- How are you?
- Ferro. long time.
- Cassandra.
- Oh. you smooth
bastard. look at you.
Look how swerve he is.
- I threw a ball.
- (mumbles) the
hair. yes sir. (laughs)
Here you go.
- Let's toast to my party.
- To your party. man.
- To the party.
- Yeah.
- Sorry to interrupt. sir.
it's a call from Italy.
- Oh. probably is my mother.
Hello mama.
- [Mama] I'm sorry to be
calling with this news.
- What's wrong?
- [Mama] It's your father.
He's very ill.
He's been asking for you.
- My name is Ferro Olivetti.
I grew up in Italy.
extremely close to my father.
After college. I went
to United States
and was very successful
in the dot com world.
While my father was impressed
with my quick success.
he worried a lot
that with the wealth
and the women around me.
I would never
discover true love.
Checkmate.
- There is a first
time for everything.
- I've beaten you before.
- Ah. maybe I let
you win. (laughs)
- Years ago on one of
his visits to America
- I'm proud of your success.
- I owe it to your help
and trusting in me. father.
Thank you.
- Always remember. Ferro.
victory is empty without
humility. respect. and charity.
(guitar music)
- [Announcer] (speaks in foreign
language) Welcome to Roma.
Please. remain seated with
your seatbelt fastened.
- Ferro.
- Ferro (speaks in
foreign language).
- Mama.
Mama.
- Ferro.
Oh. I'm glad you're here. Ferro.
Doctor say it's matter of hours.
(priest speaks in
foreign language)
- I'm here papa.
- Bene.
Good.
Good. I.
- You'll be fine. papa.
- I'm glad you came.
I have a last request.
- What papa?
- It will be very
hard for you. I know.
- Whatever it is.
- I want you to go far away
for a month with no money.
Don't use your name.
- Why papa?
- Don't ask me.
Promise me. you'll do it
for no less than a month.
Don't make any future promises.
- Relax. we'll talk
about it later.
- No. no.
No. there's no time.
Promise me.
(somber music)
- I promise you. papa.
- Good.
- Okay.
(bell tolls)
I love you.
(car door closes)
- Yes.
- Lawrence. I must
leave for awhile.
- You've only been
back for two weeks.
- Yes. I know.
I must go.
- How long will you be gone?
- 30 days.
- What about Dunbar?
- It's gonna be all right.
I'll contact you.
Claude. I need your license.
You take mine.
- Pardon me. sir.
- Your license.
Yeah. give it to me.
- Take the tray for you?
- May I have another serving?
- Oh.
- Watch where you're going.
- I'm so sorry. sir.
- Give me some champagne.
- Right away. sir.
- [Announcer] Ladies
and gentle man.
we are experiencing
some turbulence.
Please. remain seated.
- No. no.
- [Announcer] Thank you.
- Can't you bend down?
- Yes. sir.
- Hey you. give
me another napkin.
- Yes sir.
- Hey. hey.
- I don't like this give
me the filet mignon.
- Yes sir.
- No. no.
That potato is no good
- Bad potato. bad
potato. bad potato.
Now it's a good potato.
(passengers laughing)
(ominous music)
(plane engine roaring)
- Hello. Mr. Curtis.
- Hello. my ass.
(car door closes)
(car engine revs)
Why the hell are you late?
- There was an accident
on the expressway.
- Why did they send you anyway?
- Your wife called. she said
you fired your houseman
and she was busy.
so she asked me to pick you up.
- Yeah. busy my ass.
- What happened to your clothes?
- Cut the chit-chat
and just drive.
- With all due
respect. Mr. Curtis.
I'm a real estate agent.
I'm not your chauffeur.
(sirens wailing)
(suspense music)
- Hey. I like to
apply for the job.
- Hey man. We hired a somebody.
we don't need a nobody.
- Ciao.
(man speaks in foreign language)
(cars honking)
(ominous music)
(upbeat music)
- Hey. what can I get you?
- A glass of water please?
(Laura chuckles)
- Thank you.
- Hi.
I'm Laura.
- I'm Claude.
- I haven't seen you in here.
- Out of town.
- Business?
- Sort of.
- What do you do?
- A little bit of this. a
little bit of that. (chuckles)
- Where are you staying?
- Here and there. (chuckles)
- Well. I hope you
have a nice day
wherever doing whatever.
- Wait. did I say
something wrong?
What did I say?
- Let me guess you like olives?
- Mm-hmm.
- Penny for your thoughts.
- I was thinking I don't
have a place to stay tonight.
- Pita Banger.
Claude Reno.
- Did you say banger?
- Go. go to the bedroom.
I'm gonna slip into
something more comfortable.
- Oh boy.
(yawns)
Tired. (laughs)
- What. hey?
- Come here big boy.
- Hey.
(laughs) Hey.
Listen. Rita.
- Pa. P. Pita.
- Okay listen. Pita. this
is very embarrassing.
- What?
- I can't.
- (chuckles) Don't tell
me you can't get it up.
- Yeah.
- Oh. no problemo.
Nothing the big V
here Won't cure.
- I actually. it's
not even about that.
- What?
- Are you gay?
Shit!
- Good night.
(Pita snores)
- (gasps) Who are you?
What are you doing here?
- My name is Claude.
I'm with Pita.
I'm Pita's friend.
and just I couldn't
sleep with that music.
so I thought we could
talk.
- Are you crazy?
You're waking me up in
the middle of the night
to talk to me.
- I didn't wake you.
- Pita. Pita.
- (shushes) Okay (shushes).
- Get out you son of a bitch.
(door bangs)
(knocking)
- Pita.
(door opens)
- I can't believe it you
brought a total stranger home.
- I'm sorry.
This must have been
especially scary for you.
- Well. at least
he was a looker.
(dog barks)
- Yo check this dude out.
My man how about a cigarette?
- I don't smoke.
- How about forking
over your wallet?
- I don't have one.
- How about we make wallet
out of your face then?
(dramatic music)
- Wait. what the fuck?
(bag thuds)
- Dog. my fucking nose.
(tense music)
- Come on. let's
check that alley.
- Aight.
(woman screams)
- Police. there's somebody
on the fire escape.
- Yo. you see him?
(tense music)
- I can't believe that son of
a bitch broke my nose. man.
- Ah. stop crying.
- Yeah. what's in the bag.
- Shit man. Underwear.
- It figures.
(bottle shutters)
- Don't worry about
it. We'll get his ass.
- Okay. hold it
right there. buddy.
Put your hands where
we can see them.
- What'd you find on him?
- Look like I
can't believe this.
four packs of peanuts
and a dozen condoms.
- Hold him for
suspicion or book him
for attempted
burglary. his choice.
- I'm happy to stay.
- Get this wise ass outta here.
- The city of New York
allows you one phone call.
Make it quick. huh.
- Thanks.
(suspense music)
- I accept the charges.
- Lawrence. what's going on?
- I paid the 60 million
from Chase and Citibank.
but we may need more
shares if we want control.
- No there's no if
do whatever it takes.
sell the 20 million
treasuries if you must.
- Who does he
think he's kidding?
- All we need is another wacko
thinking he's Howard Hughes.
I'll call you back.
- [Man] Yo. let me
outta here. man.
- Listen. behave yourself. okay?
Stay out of trouble.
- No problem. officer.
What do you means
stay out of trouble?
(man clears throat)
- What you in for handsome?
- Peeping through a window.
How about you?
- Me?
- Yeah.
- I fucked a goat at
the children's zoo.
- That's very nice.
- Just think about that. huh?
- Is that a felony
or misdemeanor?
Because I really get confused
- You hear that?
- No.
(prisoner bleats)
Hey.
- Can you purr like that?
You get over here.
(punch thuds)
(prisoner laughs)
Come here. bitch.
(Ferro groans)
- Fight!
- Yeah. bitch.
Rough for me. man.
Yeah. you liked that. huh?
You really better
like what I got this.
- Hey. big man. back off.
- Come on. I was just
messing with him. man.
(door squeaks open)
Ah God.
I was just kidding. man. damn.
- You aint acting the part.
I aint joking. let's go out.
- I'm engaged to the
system. okay. easy. man.
My finger hurts.
- Promise me.
- I promise you. papa.
(somber music)
- Rise and shine. yo.
Come on. get up.
You can go.
We arrested the two punks.
Your story checks out.
You're free to go.
- Can I leave after breakfast.
- Come on. you can leave now.
I had enough of this. let's go.
This aint a hotel.
Come on.
(gate closes)
(ambient music)
- [Man] Yeah.
- I got 50 cents and a
brand new pack of condoms.
Would you consider it for a
straight trade for a ride?
- Are you shitting me?
(ambient music)
(tense music)
- (knocks) Ma. open the door.
Ma.
- Sweetheart. what happened?
- Nothing. nothing.
- Oh.
It's not getting
any easier. is it?
- No.
- Well. it's time to cheer up.
You know who called
for you again today?
- I'm not interested.
- Oh. but he's a very nice guy.
He's a successful
accountant and--
- I don't care.
- All right. I know
he's a little overweight
but he--
- You know I don't
care about the weight.
I'm just. please
just leave it alone.
- We could. let's have
him over for dinner.
- Mom. I'm not ready.
- Sweetheart.
- I'm not ready.
- Please...
You have to start dating
again. sweetheart.
It's time.
We could have him over.
We could make a nice light
dinner. something simple.
Your father likes him.
(ominous music)
- Hello.
Hey. hey.
Hey.
Is this your bench?
Okay. okay. I'm leaving. okay.
Okay.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Thanks for the view.
Thank you. thank
you. thank. hey.
Thanks you.
Here's your bench. (chuckles)
(ambient music)
Hi.
- Hi.
- How much is a hot dog?
- Two dollars.
- Two dollars?
Do you have anything
for 50 cents?
(somber music)
- (chuckles)
Mustard or ketchup?
- A little Ketchup please.
- Here you go.
No charge.
- No charge.
Thank you so much.
What's your name?
- Angelo.
- Angelo. I'm Claude.
- Pleasure.
- I really appreciate this.
- Okay Claude.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
(ambient music)
(laughs)
- All right dude?
- Sir. are you all
right. are you all right?
Where did ii get ya?
- I'm sorry.
- Do you need an ambulance?
- I'm okay.
- Let me take you
to the hospital.
I'm so sorry.
- I'm okay.
How's your truck?
- I'm sorry.
- It's my fault
I wasn't looking.
- Okay man. (chuckles)
Here why don't you come
and sit in the truck.
and I'll get you some
water or something.
- Okay.
- You sure you're all right?
- Thanks.
- Sorry.
I got it.
(door opens)
You're sure you're all right?
- Yeah. yeah. I'm fine.
- You can just
press on the door.
- Thanks.
Where do you go to school?
- NYU business.
What do you do?
- I'm looking for a job.
- Yeah. I'm Fred Adams.
- Claude. Claude Reno.
- Cool. What kinda work
are you looking for?
- Anything. I'm broke.
- Yeah. Well. one of my
customers needs a chauffeur
you wanna give it a try?
- You bet.
- Yeah.
- Alright. cool. I got some
deliveries on my way.
I'll drive you. here.
- All right. let's go.
- Awesome. cool. watch yourself.
(door closes)
(ambient music)
Hey Doris.
This is my pal. Claude.
This is Doris.
- Hi.
- He wants to apply for the job.
- Wait inside.
- Okay. thank you
for everything.
Thank you.
- Sure.
- Oh. nice.
- If you want me out
of your life the prenup
ain't gonna do it.
- You signed it. bitch.
- Not fair.
- Not fair. oh. my ass.
- Just give me what I said.
and I'll be out in a week.
- You got it.
- (laughs) Now you're
talking. darling.
- What the hell do you want?
- I'm here for the driving job.
- Sit. sit.
- Did you ever drive
for anyone before?
- Yes. Ferro Olivetti
in California.
- Really. what's he like?
You never see him.
- He's a great guy.
- Yeah. well I'm sure.
but what did you make
with this Oliv...
Whatever the hell?
- $900 a week.
- Do you have any references?
- Not with me.
- I pay 600 a week
plus room and board.
and there'll be other
duties. interested?
- Yes.
- Daddy. I need money.
I have nothing to wear
to the party tonight.
- That's not true.
- Shut up.
- Oh.
- You're not my mother.
- Thank God.
- Now. don't talk like that.
How much do you need. peaches?
- 500.
- Spend it wisely.
- Bring me your references.
- Okay
- Darling. darling (chuckles).
Don't we need someone
to bartend tonight?
- Can you do that?
- Yes.
- Okay then start today.
- Thank you.
(suspense music)
Hey.
- Are you married?
- No Nancy. I'm celibate.
- Well. to celibates.
the name is Ms. Curtis.
(car engine starts)
- Right. my God.
(people chattering)
- Claude. this place is a mess.
Clear off the dirty plates.
- Yes. Ms. Curtis.
- Hey boy. can you top this off?
- [Man] Hey. how you doing?
Good to see you guys. I
haven't seen you in a while.
- Oh sorry.
(TV chatters)
- I like your circling motions.
- Ferro Olivetti Enterprises
successfully defeated Dunbar
in their takeover
fight for Odell.
Stan Dunbar of Triton
industries promised the fight
is not over.
Ferro Olivetti
the always elusive
billionaire company President
could not be reached
for comment.
- Did you know your former
boss is a billionaire?
- [Woman] Now on
to some local news.
- Yeah.
- I'm only getting a million.
(man laughs)
- Claude. drop out what
you're doing to get over here.
- Yes. sir.
- Bob.
- Hey. (laughs)
- What?
- Bob.
Bob. Claude is gonna
take you home now.
- Take Mr. Bod home now.
- No. daddy. no.
- Take--
- No. wait.
- Bob. you're going home now.
- I want Nancy.
- It's okay.
- Help him up.
- Sure sir. sure.
- I want Nancy.
- Daddy.
(phone rings)
- Hello. hello.
- Good work. I
heard on the news.
- (sighs) It's
you're doing. Ferro.
- Listen Lawrence. I want
you to give a bonus of $5.000
to each of my employees.
- [Lawrence] What for?.
- Just tell them it's
from my father's will.
- Okay.
Listen. there's something else.
Dunbar has been
very quiet lately.
but he's promised
to fight it on.
I know he's up to something.
but I don't know what it is.
- Goodnight night. Lawrence.
(door closes)
- You took a long
time getting back.
- Jesus.
Mrs. Curtis.
- Kat.
- Mrs. Kat.
( knocks on door)
Go under the bed. under the bed.
- Shit.
- Who is that?
- [Nancy] Nancy.
- Nancy.
Ms. Curtis.
- Surprise.
- Look. I'm really tired and--
- Are you're telling
me you don't want me?
- No. no. no. just
remember I made a choice.
I'm celibate.
- Bad choice.
(Mr. Curtis knocks)
- Who is it?
- [Curtis] It's Mr. Curtis.
- Shit!
- Yeah.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. bad choice.
Mr. Curtis.
- I heard your car drive in.
I thought we might
have a little chat.
- Yeah.
(yawns) Can we talk tomorrow?
It's really late.
- No. come sit next to me.
- Right there?
Right here.
- Okay.
Right.
- Right there.
- Right there. (chuckles)
- Claude. I'd like
to think of you
as more than just an employee.
- That's very kind of you. sir.
- When I take an
interest in someone
I like to get to know them...
intimately.
- Oh.
I like you too. sir.
I like your whole family.
In fact. it's such a comfort
for a man in my condition
to be in the bosom of
such a warm family.
- What condition?
- I'm really having a hard
time talking about it.
but...
well. it's not contagious
unless you. you know. you--
- We'll talk about
this some other time.
- Okay. good night. sir.
(door bangs)
No.
- You are not going to
be celibate tonight.
- Listen Nancy. please
wait. wait. wait. wait.
actually he's not even
that. I'm impotent.
- Leave it to me
I'll cure you that.
- No. no. the only thing you
can do right now is just leave.
okay?
Just leave.
- Nobody throws me out of bed.
especially not the help.
You'll pay for this.
- I guess I can live with that.
- You arrogant bastard.
- Good night.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey puppy.
(chuckles)
- Listen Claude.
about last night.
- I have no idea what
you're talking about.
- Good.
(suspense music)
Get back to the house.
- Yes. sir.
Have a good day. sir.
We met before. right?
- I'm afraid so.
(phone dials)
- Pita. you're not
gonna believe this.
- What?
- Wait. I've gotta go
I'll call you later.
C Curtis Realty.
- Could I live there with him?
because I--
- Hey.
Wow. you really
blew him off. huh?
- I heard you rented
the Broderick penthouse.
- Yep.
- That's six
apartments this week.
- It was a good week.
and that creep takes most of it.
- Oh my God. I
think I'm in love.
Did you see him?
- Oh. I know.
- [Colleague] Woof!
(ambient music)
(phone rings)
C Curtis Realty.
- Jennifer.
- No. it's Diane.
- Diane listen. I
forgot my briefcase.
it's on the desk.
bring it on to the house. pront.
- But--
- But. the only but
I wanna hear from you is your
butt in the taxi. comprendo?
- I have to go to a
funeral this afternoon.
- You can go from here.
(car revs)
(suspense music)
- Hello?
Hello. earth to Claude.
it's me Kat. remember? (laughs)
- Yeah.
- Claude.
Claude!
- Don't shout. dearest.
Claude was just helping
me with my begonias.
- Yeah. he'll take care
of your begonias later.
Take her. she knows where.
- My pleasure. sir.
Just give me one minute
I'm gonna get my jacket.
- Do you mind keeping
your eyes on the road?
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about what happened
at your friend's place.
- I was more than a
bit surprised to see
you at the office.
- So was I.
Did you like the flowers?
- They were from you?
- It's the least I could do.
I know I scared you.
- You certainly did.
- Am I forgiven?
- I'm Diane.
- I'm Claude.
So where are we going?
- To a funeral.
- Funeral. who died?
- Some miserable old relative.
- I have an idea.
- What?
- Can I come with you?
- Are you're kidding?
- No. I'm dressed for it.
- (laughs) What about Curtis?
- I guess I can have a flat.
- Hey listen. Diane. can
I buy you a cup of coffee?
That's all I can
afford right now.
- Sure.
There's one good thing
about this funeral.
- What?
- The cheaper the funeral.
the faster it goes.
And boy. this guy was cheap.
(Claude laughs)
(organ music)
(priest thuds)
(Claude chuckles)
(priest blows nose)
- Welcome.
Welcome dear bereaved friends.
We are gathered here today
to celebrate the life
not mourn the death of...
- [Man] Silvio Kartorini.
- Yes. not mourn the
death of Silvio Katorini.
He's joining his beloved
wife who died here last year.
Well not here. she...
She died last year
and she was well worth
her weight in gold.
(blows nose)
(playful music)
- [Man] Come on guys.
- [Man] Come on. man.
(both laughing)
(car screeches)
- There. there. he's
in a better place.
(blows nose)
- You don't look
like a chauffeur.
You're a little mysterious.
Are you running from the law?
- No. I never had any
trouble with the law
until I got here.
- What happened?
- Mh. it's a long story.
Tell me about you.
- That is even a longer story.
I grew up. I was an only child
and I was very sheltered.
- Me too.
- You were sheltered?
- No. I was an only child.
I'm sorry. go ahead.
- Are you married?
- No. I love my fun
and freedom too much.
You know I don't
think I'm gonna fit
into your fun and freedom.
so I think ii should just--
- Whoa. whoa.
wait. wait. wait.
wait. what did I say?
- finish it.
- Did I say something wrong?
Okay. let's start over.
This is our first date.
- This is not a date.
- Okay. you said it so
harsh. so emphatically.
what's wrong with the date?
- Nothing. I guess.
I just. I haven't been on
a date like over a year.
- And why is that?
- My husband died
in the Iraqi war.
- I'm sorry.
How long you
guys were married?
- Nine years.
Maybe it's time for
now to. I don't know.
start going out a little bit.
just a little tiny. tiny bit.
- (laughs) I don't know why
I feel comfortable talking
to you about myself.
- I'm glad you feel that way.
- I don't wanna get into it.
but there's another
reason why I was forced
to live back with my
parents after David died.
but it is a hell living
back with my parents.
The pressure never stops.
- I'm keeping my
mouth shut. look.
- (chuckles) No. I
like your concern.
- So we got almost like two
or three hours this time.
I mean if (indistinct).
(piano music)
- I don know why I'm
talking to you about myself.
- I am glad we ran
into each other.
even if this is not a date.
- Me too.
- Anything else?
- No. thanks.
- Can you believe
we've been sitting here
for over two hours?
- I believe it.
- She believes it.
(piano music)
- How long have you been
working with Curtis?
- Three years.
What do you think of him?
- Confidentially. I think
he's a miserable person.
I'm looking for another agency.
How about you?
- Oh. I think they're screwiest
people I ever heard of.
let alone met.
- Can I lend you some money
until your next paycheck?
- No thanks. I'll be okay.
I appreciate it.
So...
- Who is she with?
- I don't know.
- Who is that?
(rising romantic music)
- Tuesday is my day off.
Can I see you?
- Tuesday is a date.
- Who is that?
- Claude.
He drives for Curtis.
- You've gotta be joking.
You won't give the time of
day to a man. like Stanley
who's been after you for months.
but you have no trouble
kissing the chauffeur.
- I don't care what
he does for a living.
He's a really nice man.
I like him.
Were you spying on me?
- Will you say something.
dear. why do I. oh.
- No. no spying.
She asked.
- All right.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
I know he thinks it's too much.
I think it's too little.
No. you tell him.
that's what I pay you for.
Just a second.
Here. check out these
apartments for tomorrow.
I have Plans. tomorrow is
my day off. Mr. Curtis.
- Change your plans. huh?
We'll just tell them that.
No.
Well. it's not possible.
That's cute.
- Hey. you have to work.
Dont. uh...
Don't distract yourself
with the windows.
- (laughs) I'm
sorry that you have
to spend your day off like this.
- It was hard enough getting
you to say yes to a date.
- Let's get a cab.
- Wait. it's only seven blocks.
Put it on the bosses'
expense account.
(car revs)
(door closes)
Hey.
- Hey.
- (knocks) Wanted to me. sir?
- How dare you!
- Dare what?
- Nancy told me everything.
- Told you what?
- You went to her bedroom.
- That's not true.
- Oh my peaches is lying. right?
- Yes.
- Get outta here you sick bum.
You're fired.
- I'm fired?
- You're fired!
- I quit.
Wait a--
- Nothing!
Get out!
- Please Mr. Curtis. why do
you have to talk like that?
- Don't tell me how
that talk you moron.
- You know what. Mr. Curtis?
You can go fuck yourself.
- Oh.
- Wow.
- Shut up!
- I can't believe you did that.
that was fabulous.
(suspense music)
- Let's just get outta here.
- Okay.
- I still don't
know what happened.
- His peaches' memory is fuzzy.
She came on to me.
- Well. you came on to me.
- First of all. she isn't you.
She's a little kid.
Secondly. I had a witness.
- Who?
- I was tempted to tell him.
- What?
- You really wanna know?
- His wife was under my bed.
- You're kidding.
- No. and there is more.
The daughter is in the closet.
and he tries to hit on me.
- You're telling me he's gay.
- I don't know. maybe
AC/DC. not outted yet.
- How did you get rid of him?
- I told him that I have
a communicable disease.
- That's why he
called you a sick bum.
- Yep. yep.
And wanna know some more?
- What?
- The dog tried to hump my leg.
Is that a sick family or what?
- Do you like his wife?
- She's okay.
So what are we gonna do now?
- You need a place to stay.
Do you have any money?
- Yeah. oh yeah. I got paid.
- Would it scare you if I
asked you to have dinner
at my parents' house?
- No. it sounds great.
- So where do you live?
- California.
- So what are you
doing in New York?
- Looking for a job now.
- Driving a car?
- Dad?
- It's okay. it's okay.
The truth is I just
got fired today.
and I'm afraid I cost
Diane her job too.
- What?
- I wanted a new job.
anyway. dad.
Curtis was a pig. Besides
I'll find a better job.
don't worry.
- Don't worry?
Okay. I won't worry.
- Can I talk to you? Excuse me.
Look. listen. this is
the first time since David
that I've really liked somebody.
please don't ruin it for me.
- Well. how old is he?
- 32. what does it matter?
- 32. doesn't have a job.
Let alone a career
and you're...
Let's go back.
- Probably a lapsed Catholic.
- God. just go
back just be nice.
(whimsical music)
- Do you intend to
stay in New York?
- No. I think I'll do
much better in California.
- You're leaving
New York. Claude?
- Oh. not for awhile.
- A man has to be where he
can do the best for himself.
(whimsical music)
- Well. thank you. We
have to go.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
(playful music)
- You like my pasta?
- Oh. you out did yourself.
- It was good tonight. huh?
- He's got good
manners. you know.
- He acted like he
hadn't eaten in a month.
- Who knows?
- No one knows.
- Oh. I wish I could
live on my own again.
- Why can't you?
- Not now. it's
a very long story.
- Okay.
Hey. what do we do about job?
- A job?
Let's look together.
- Hey. can I have yours I
don't like nuts. (laughs)
- You're not gonna believe this.
- [Pita] What?
- We both got fired today.
- What the hell happened?
- [Diane] Curtis's daughter
accused Claude of going
into her room.
- (scoffs) Yeah.
yeah. that figures.
- No. it's not like that.
I don't think he did it.
- [Pita] Yeah. yeah. I'm sure.
- Wait. are you seeing this guy?
- Sorta.
- You're nuts.
- Well. I'm tired.
I'm gonna go to bed.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Bye.
- Hey. what are you
doing up so early?
- I'm sorry you were fired.
- It's okay.
- We both know.
You know what? Take this.
- What is it?
- Severance. (chuckles)
- Thank you.
- You got a place to stay?
- Yeah.
- Keep in touch.
(suspense music)
- (chuckles) They spent
the entire night trying
to convince me never
to see you again.
- (laughs) I'm glad
you didn't agree.
- You know. there's
something I've been thinking
about a lot.
particularly last night.
- What?
- Why don't we open
our own agency?
Why the hell not?
I've saved up a lot of money.
and I have excellent credit.
What?
- Nothing. I'm.
wow. you're willing
to risk all your savings.
- If you'll be my partner.
- What's your plan.
- We'll probably get some
concessions on the rent.
We'll charge half commission
and this way we'll
attract good agents.
and the tenants
will be better off.
And all we need are some
desks. and some telephones.
and some money to run some
ads. and we'll be in business.
- You're something else.
Can you get listings?
- Yes.
- I have an idea.
Let's get the three agents
you used to work with.
Offer each one of them
15% of the company.
We'll keep control with 55%.
How about that?
- (chuckles) That'll give
Curtis a heart attack.
- Yep.
- Can this really happen?
- You can make it happen.
- Let's celebrate. tonight.
It'll be on me.
- Sounds good to me.
(claps) Cameriere.
champagne. lobster.
and (speaks in
foreign language)!
It's on her.
* When we two were near
I knew... *
- What's this?
- I'm not much of a drinker.
I'll probably be drunk
with the first three sips.
- That's good.
Salute.
(glasses clinks)
- This is delicious.
What is this?
- Whiskey sour.
- I never knew a
drink tastes so good.
I love it.
- Keep drinking it.
- This is so exciting.
What are we gonna
call our business?
- I don't know.
- Reno and Mancini limited.
- Mancini and Reno. I'm the
one financing the company.
- Okay. Mancini and Reno it is.
(glasses clinking)
- You know. I really
appreciate the fact
that you're making me a partner.
Thank you.
Wanna dance?
* When we two were near
* I knew my love was here
* But his words were
sweet and kind *
* And his love gave
peace of mind *
* And the way he
kissed and cared *
* I believed every
word he said *
(ambient music)
What?
I think I'm falling
in love with you.
- I think you're drunk.
- Diane. I never
met anyone like you.
This is a change for me.
a great. wonderful change.
- I can't. I can't.
I'm sorry.
- Why can't you?
- I don't wanna talk about it.
- I wish you'd tell me.
You can trust me just tell me.
(Diane sighs)
- All right. well. after. you
know. I found out David died.
I just can't explain it.
I just felt numb.
And I wanted to know if he
said anything before he died.
So I made like dozens of calls.
and finally I found someone
who said he was there
when he got shot.
(suspense music)
- Come on in.
- So what happened?
- Something terrible
I can't talk about it.
- What happened to that guy?
- Well. he got off scot-free.
and it turned out
he wasn't even there
when David died.
He'd been kicked out for drugs.
and then I found out
he overdosed and died.
I still. I really
hate talking about it.
- I'm very sorry.
It's okay.
Come.
It's okay. it's okay.
(jolly music)
(people chattering)
- Do you know how much
money we've netted so far?
- How much?
- Over $12.000.
- $12.000?
- Yeah. our business has
been doubling every day.
- Well. if that
up we'll be richer
than a Rockefeller in a month.
(Diane laughs)
Don't laugh.
Let me ask you something.
What if you only had one penny.
and you double that penny
each day for 40 days?
What if I told you he would
come to over 10 billion.
but not 10 billion
pennies. $10 billion.
- Get outta here.
- I'm telling the truth.
Incidentally. what
do your parents think
about your business?
- They would go crazy if they
knew I invested everything.
especially with you. (laughs)
- Just keep assuring
them I'll be gone soon.
- (sighs) I really don't
like thinking about that.
(ambient music)
What if we opened up a
branch in California?
- What about the business
you just open here?
- That's a diplomatic answer.
It's not exactly the
one I wanted to hear.
(dogs barking)
- Hey. little puppy.
Hey puppy. puppy. puppy.
(dog growls)
(Claude laughs)
- Wait right here I'm gonna
be back in one minute.
- Okay. I won't move.
(dog barks)
(phone dials)
- Lawrence. it's Ferro.
- I'm sorry to be the
bearer of bad news
but Dunbar has made a
serious move to take control
of Olivetti Enterprises.
He made a tender
offer of $65 a share.
- Okay. counter it
with $70 a share
and knock the son
of a bitch out.
- [Lawrence] If
it's not too late.
The judge was very angry
when you didn't show
up the last time.
- The same judge?
- Yes.
Jesus Ferro. it
comes down to this.
if you show up you win.
If not. you lose control of
Ferro Olivetti Enterprises.
- Hey. I gotta call you back.
(phone beeps)
- Where are my anti-acids?
- You got off the phone quickly.
- A gift?
- It's a little
memento from New York.
- (laughs) Thank you.
(jets revving)
(people cheering)
That's so close. it's
incredible!
(jets soaring)
(crowd cheers and applauds)
- I can't stand thinking
about you leaving.
- If you know all about me
you wouldn't want me to stay.
- I know you better
than you think I do.
I love you. Claude.
(jets soaring)
- Your client has been
very elusive thus far.
I expect I'm here
9:00 AM Monday.
- This Monday?
- Yes.
- Would your honor consider
next Monday? (chuckles)
- Well. maybe you
didn't hear me.
I said this Monday.
(gavel drops)
Next case.
- How did it go?
- Judge Franklin wants
to see you in court
on Monday at 9:00 AM.
- Is there any way
we can postpone it?
- No. we tried.
I told you. you show up you win.
you don't show up you lose
control of your company.
- Then I guess you have to
take Claude as me to court.
- What? That's crazy.
That's too dangerous.
We could wind up in jail.
- Just make sure you
do all the talking.
(Lawrence sighs)
Listen. I gotta go.
I'll call you back.
(phone rings)
- Hello.
- Lawrence. I think your
home phone is bugged.
Do not use your home
phone use your cell phone.
Okay?
Hey. can I talk to you later?
- Yeah. I can take a hint.
(phone rings)
- Yeah.
- You were right. the
bastards bugged my phone.
- [Ferro] You sure?
- Yeah. I'm holding it.
- Okay. send the plane
to LaGuardia at 2 AM.
- Now you're talking.
They're gonna think
it's not you in court.
(phone beeps)
- Chair is still empty.
Where's your client?
- Ah. your honor. my client has.
he's been unavoidably detained.
- I'm afraid we can't
wait any longer.
I'm sorry. counselor. by
the absence of your client
I have no choice but to decide
for Mr. Dunbar by default.
- Your honor. please.
- Your honor we believe
that the person standing
before you is an imposter.
and not Mr. Olivetti.
- This is a very
serious accusation.
Are you Ferro Olivetti?
- Yes. your honor.
- [Franklin] You have
proof of identity?
- Of course. your honor.
- Bailiff?
Show this to Mr. Dunbar's
attorney. please.
Thank you.
- We apologize. your honor.
- You should save your
apology for Mr. Olivetti.
Well. it's been quite
a morning counselor.
but things are looking up.
Congratulations. case dismissed.
(gravel drops)
(ominous music)
(plane engine roaring)
- Both of these are in this-
Oh. excuse me.
- Hey.
- Where have you been all day?
- I can't tell you.
- I'm sick of all these secrets.
- Just trust me. please.
Okay?
- Sorry about that.
So yes. this one is
literally two blocks.
and you can look at
the outside of it.
and then one more block.
Yeah. so look at
them and call me.
and let me know if
you like this one.
- Yeah.
- So. you know. a
couple blocks from here.
- You may as well.
- Yeah. just two down.
- What are you doing here?
- Hi baby.
come on you know I
(whispering indistinctly)
- No. no. no. no.
- What's the matter?
What is the matter?
- No.
- What is the matter?
- No. no. no.
- What is--
- Diane. wait.
Diane wait. wait.
Diane wait.
Let me explain.
- I hate you.
- Wait. wait.
(truck honks)
(somber music)
(phone rings)
- Hello.
- Mrs. Mancini. this is Fer...
This is Claude.
Is Diane home?
- Ooh. God.
- (chuckles) Who was that?
- Oh. it's just a--
- Are you all right?
- No. it was just an
irritating sales pitch.
That's what it was.
- Hi. Mrs Mancini.
it's me again.
Maybe we've got dis--
(suspense music)
(people chattering)
(phone rings)
- Hello?
- Hello. Mrs. Mancini
please don't hang up.
Don't hang up. please.
Listen. there's been a big
misunderstanding with Diane.
I need to speak to her.
It's very important.
I'm going back to
California.
- Now look. Mr. Reno. how
many times must you be told
that my daughter does
not wanna talk to you.
hear from you. or
see you ever again?
So please. will you
stop harassing us?
- Did anyone call?
- Oh no.
That was Stanley
from Poughkeepsie.
I've asked him to help
us with our taxes.
(ambient music)
- Hey.
- He's gone for good. isn't he?
- He asked me to say goodbye.
- Did he leave a number?
- No.
(ambient music)
- Yeah?
- Sorry to bother you do
you remember Claude Reno
who worked for you?
- What happened to him?
- Look at this.
- I just got this $50.000 check
from him in this letter.
but he signed it Ferro Olivetti.
- He said he worked for him.
- The billionaire?
- Yeah.
- I miss him terribly.
- Me too.
It's very lonely
without him.
- His last wish taught me a lot.
He was very wise.
- I know.
- And to top it
all I met someone.
Someone so different from
anyone I ever met before.
- Is she with you?
- [Ferro] I think I lost her.
- I have never known
you to be a quitter.
Go to her.
- Okay.
(car engine revs)
(ambient music)
(Ferro knocks)
- Now. how do you say
get lost in Italian?
- Mrs. Mancini. please. I need
to speak to Diane. please.
- Diane.
- My God. Claude.
Why didn't you call me?
I did.
I did call you many times.
Diane. I need to
speak to you. please.
(door shuts)
(ambient music)
- When are you leaving?
- Today.
- Can I visit you in
California sometime?
- I have an idea.
- What?
- Come with me.
- Oh my God. I can't
believe you just said that.
- (laughs) I hate to see
your parents expression
when you tell them. (laughs)
- I know how I feel.
I just wanna be near you.
(ambient music)
- What about the business?
- Just. let's give our
shares to our agents.
- That's why you
can't save any money.
Anything you don't spend
you're giving away.
(door opens)
- You should think
about it more carefully.
- Why don't you go next week?
- Next week!
- What if he asks you?
- Asks me what?
- To marry him?
- Oh. don't worry mom.
He's a free spirit.
He has no intentions of
being held down by marriage.
- Oh. well I.
(suspense music)
(Taxi starts)
- Don't forget your
promise. no more secrets.
- Okay.
Anything to drink?
- A dry martini
and a whiskey sour.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
- Goodbye.
- Good afternoon. Mr. Olivetti.
- Good to see you. Claude.
Diane Mancini. Claude Reno.
- Madam.
- How do you do?
(door shuts)
- I'm Ferro Olivetti.
- You mean the Ferro Olivetti--
- Yes. yes.
- You're crazy.
Oh my God. Claude.
- Ferro.
- What in the world
are you talking about?
Why didn't you tell me?
What the hell were
you doing in New York?
- I'm sorry.
When we met I told you
it was a long story.
I wish I could explain
it then but
I couldn't.
(car engine revs)
- It all started with
my father's will.
(ambient music)
(water ebbing)
Hello. Barbara.
- Hi. how are you?
- Ah. give me a hug
Barbara. this is Diane Mancini.
- Hi. nice to meet
you. Ms. Diane.
- This place is amazing.
- Come.
- I'll show you around.
- Oh my God. I
can't believe this.
(laughs)
- You like it?
- Yeah.
(ambient music continues)
This is all really wonderful.
but I've just started
thinking about a job.
- I have an idea.
- What. we open
an agency here?
- Not exactly.
Maybe.
- Then what?
- I'll tell you later.
- That's not fair.
tell me your idea.
(Ferro laughs)
- Before I met you.
every other day I used to
think I loved another woman.
Now I know that you're the
only woman I ever loved.
- That's the first time
you've ever said that.
- It's the first
time I meant it.
and you know what?
- What?
- In New York you
made me a full partner
with everything you had.
so now my idea is that here
in California I'm asking you
to be my partner with
everything I have.
- Is that your way of proposing?
- Yes.
Will you please marry me?
(ambient music)
- You may now kiss the bride.
I now pronounce you. Mr
and Mrs. Ferro Olivetti.
- [Man] Bravo.
- [Man] Congratulations.
(congregation
applauds and cheers)
(upbeat music)
(congregation applauding
and cheering)
- [Man] Bravo. bravo!
(upbeat music)
(Timothy screams)
(Ferro chuckles)
(ambient music)
* We're the best of friends
* Heart and soul
* Head to head
* Toe to toe
* I'm not letting go.
* We're the best friends
* I thought you knew
* That the best I
am is beside you *
* We are a couple
of comfy shoes *
* Ooh. together
we're a pipe dream *
* All lit up and smoking
* C all the things we do
* Ooh. together we are wishes
* My aren't we delicious
* Coming true
* We're the best of friends
* Are we wise thinning
hair. fuzzy eyes
* Your face is my
best surprise *
* We're the best of friends
* I'm here to say
* It was me and you
the whole darn way *
* Thanks for the
chance to play *
* Ooh. together we are magic
* Together we are mystery
* I think we may have soul
* Ooh. together the
world is brighter *
* Lovers fools and fighters
* Ooh. now go
* We're the best of friends
* The drift. the sway
* The give. the take
* The day to day
* A bit in each others way
* And when it's
time to let you go *
* At the last
we'll always know *
* That it started so long ago
* With a simple quick hello
* Hello
* We're the best of friends